chore(chain): update start chain/base_shard scripts & compose file (#176)
Argus-Labs/world-engine: chain/README.md

Start the `chain` and `celestia-devnet` using `chain/docker-compose.yml`, make sure to follow these steps:
- Start local-celestia-devnet
  ```
  docker compose up celestia-devnet -d --wait
  ```

- Get DA_AUTH_TOKEN (Celestia RPC Authentication token) from celestia_devnet logs.
  ```
  export DA_AUTH_TOKEN=$(docker logs celestia_devnet 2>&1 | grep CELESTIA_NODE_AUTH_TOKEN -A 5 | tail -n 1)
  echo "Auth Token >> $DA_AUTH_TOKEN"
  ```

- Start the `chain` / `evm_base_shard`
  ```
  docker compose up chain -d
  ```

## Environment Variables
The following env variables must be set for the following features.

### Game Shard Tx Storage
- USE_SHARD_LISTENER=true
- SHARD_HANDLER_LISTEN_ADDR=<the address you want this server to listen on (i.e. 10.209.21:3090)

### Secure gRPC Connections
For production environments, you'll likely want to setup secure connections between gRPC servers handling system transactions.
To make use of these, set the following environment variables to the path of your SSL certification files:
- SERVER_CERT_PATH=<path/to/server/cert>
- SERVER_KEY_PATH=<path/to/server/key>
- CLIENT_CERT_PATH=<path/to/client/cert>

### Celestia DA Layer Connections

> The following variable are use to configure the conenctions to the Data Availability layer (Celestia).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following variables are used to configure the connection to the Data Availability layer (Celestia).
```
